---
language: english
date: 2025-02-15
---

# Word

+ basin (:- 2025-02-06.md)
  + n.
    + It refers to a round, open container used for holding liquids, especially
      for washing.
     -She filled the basin with warm water to wash the baby's face.-
    + It refers to a large land from which all the water that falls on
      it drains into a particular river or lake.
     -The Mississippi River Basin is one of the largest in the world.-
    + It refers to a land that is lower than the land around it.
     -The Sichuan Basin has a unique climate and rich resource.-
    + It refers to the part of the body between the hips that contains the
      stomach and other important organs.
    + It refers to a large enclosed area of water in a port or near a |dock|
      where boats can be |moored|, or a large artificial pool.
     -The ships are safely docked in the basin.-
  + v.
    + To put something into a basin, to basin something.
     -Basin the vegetables before you start cooking them.-
    + To make something into basin-like.
     -The machine is used to basin the metal sheets.-

+ spout (:- 2025-02-06.md)
  + n.
    + A tube or opening through which liquid or gas can flow out, like the
      spout of teapot.
     -The water poured out of the spout of the watering can.-
    + A |jet| or stream of liquid or gas that comes out of something.
     -A spout of water shot up from the fountain.-
  + v. 
    + Send out liquid or gas in a stream.
     -The whale spouted water into the air.-
    + Talk in a long, boring way, often without carefully thinking.
     -He spouted off about his theories again.-
    + |Utter| or |issue| something quickly and forcefully.
     -The politician spouted promises during the campaign.-
+ -> spouter
  + n.
    + An oil well that gushes out oil forcefully.
     -The workers were excited when they found a spouter in the oil filed.-
    + A person who talks continuously and |volubly|.
     -Don't be such a spouter at the meeting. Give others a chance to speak.-

+ wherein (:- SICP)
  + adv.
    + It's used to refer to a particular place, situation, or context within
      which something exists or happens.
     -This is the room wherein the meeting will be held.-
    + It's used to ask about or state the way in which something is true or in
      what respect something is the case.
     -We need to discuss wherein lies the problem.-